Feat: Introduce ValidationText has Icons #DS-1676 (#1948)
lmc-eu/spirit-design-system: packages/web/src/scss/components/Checkbox/README.md

See Validation state [dictionary][dictionary-validation].

> - To render validation text as a list, use `<ul>` element inside of `<div>`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- To render validation text as a list, use `<ul>` element inside of `.Checkbox__validationText`.
```

> - To render validation text with an icon, add class `Checkbox__validationText--hasIcon` and `<svg>` element inside of `<div>`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- To render validation text with an icon, add class `Checkbox__validationText--hasIcon` and `<svg>` element inside of `<span>`.
```

Reviewer: We should promote `<span>` element here, because div inside `<label>` is not valid afaik.
